you just saw a picture of my inspiration
and I want to show you guys what I've
done so far it just dawned on me that
yes I should be recording this so um I
picked out all of my paper and I picked
out matching or coordinating letters
this is one having a stupid amount of
scrapbook stuff is really come in handy
so what I'm going to do now is cut it
out to the size of my frame I have this
frame here it's a creamy testy but I got
it from walmart so I'll know that I have
an idea of you know what the look is
going to be so the first thing I do is
cut my paper down to side alright I've
got my paper roughly laid out like I
think I want it I can't think too much
about this otherwise i'll spend all day
rearing paper but what I've done is the
papers 8 by 10 and the strips are 2 by 8
and they're simply just what was left of
the back of the paper at least most of
them some of them I had like this one I
had to match myself that one up there so
now what I'm going to do is put the
letters on it so each one has their own
different kind of letters and I'm just
going to pull all the letters on all
right I have all my wording finished and
I think um I have them where I want them
so we've got daily Monday you can't it's
kind of dark Tuesday or Wednesday
Thursday you shouldn't know the days
friday saturday and you can see Saturday
butter when it's snow and sunday so now
i need to do a swim in the brains right
wheel it all out we purchased this stuff
my husband just cut it and now he's a
charge because we'll see
see how high that one sticks up
countersink all around it makes it look
prettier would you join you get the
point of it and I still think the plush
is prettier so I do a great count of see
you smash them all up and now oh thank
you son there's this room in this is the
audience do it on a really long hike
thing today this Peter bugging them your
own bad gather I'm getting excited he's
squeaking daddy is squeaking I screwing
in the little horizontal pieces hey
caliber all right here's the final the
final piece that's solid down show you
the back of it is I mean what one second
Oh mommy okay all right sorry I'm
getting pushed by bubbles here oh good
job man looks good Brianna no I ok I
want to show you guys a really good
daytime view of what he did the back of
this thing if you have any questions I'd
ask your husband or dad or guy friend or
crafty girl who knows how to do these
things because I can't answer questions
about this but um yeah as you can see
that's that's what he did and then he
installed this thing here with the wire
to hang it up on the wall
here is the done deal so you're the
reflection it's up on the wall and I'm
so in love I'm totally going to use it
as our weekly planner in a place where
everybody in the family can see it I'm
just going to use a whiteboard converter
so as you can see here and it just went
straight off so there it is our weekly
family planner